README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

CON-1: 🍻 Merge `tech-blog-ui` into this repository (#2)

README.md, after:

[![Deploy Next.js site to Pages](https://github.com/connormaglynn/tech-blog-ui/actions/workflows/pages.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/connormaglynn/tech-blog-ui/actions/workflows/pages.yml)

![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![ESLINT](https://img.shields.io/badge/eslint-3A33D1?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)
![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-1A2C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=prettier&logoColor=F7BA3E)
![Github Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)

# Tech Blog

A general personal technical blog

## ✨ Adding Posts

All posts are kept under the [./\_posts](./_posts) directory and saved as `Markdown` files.

These files take in metadata at the top of the file as follows:

```Markdown
---
title: ''
excerpt: ''
date: '2022-07-31T12:00:00.000Z'
status: 'DRAFT'
---

# Actual Content Here
```
